README.md, before:

﻿# telco-service-qualification

Service qualification for determining optimal routes to use when building out network infrastructure to new potential customer locations

![Image of Service Qualification Application](https://raw.github.com/Esri/telco-service-qualification/master/telco-service-qualification.png "Service Qualification")

## Features

* auto route generation 
* adaptive route analysis using Network Analyst to control minimizing CAPEX (route length) vs maximizing business passed & revenue potential
                                     
## Instructions

1. Fork and then clone the repo. 
2. Run and try the samples

### Esri Sample Data

Esri's sample data can be [downloaded] (http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=81ca53e2d169464895b59da0a3c726fc) with this repository to extend the application.


### General Help

[New to Github? Get started here.](http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/Esri/esri.github.com/blob/master/help/esri-getting-to-know-github.html)

## Requirements


* Notepad or your favorite HTML editor
* Web browser with access to the Intern* Text Editor

## Resources

Learn more about ArcGIS for Telecommunications Maps and App's [ArcGIS for Telecommunications Maps and App's](http://solutions.arcgis.com/telecom).

Show me a list of other [Telecommuncations GitHub repositories](http://esri.github.io/#Telecommunications).

Show me a list of other [Utilities GitHub repositories](http://esri.github.io/#Utilities).

## Issues

Find a bug or want to request a new feature?  Please let us know by submitting an issue.


## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone.
Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## Licensing

Copyright 2013 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's
[LICENSE.txt](https://raw.github.com/Esri/telco-service-qualification/master/LICENSE.txt) file.

[](Esri Tags: Telecommunications Utilities Service Qualification ArcGISSolutions)
[](Esri Language: JavaScript)​

Commit message:

Replacement Notice
Added replacement notice, as solution is not using the Service Feasibility widget and Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS.

README.md, after:

#Replacement Notice
This app has been replaced with the [Service Feasbility] (https://github.com/Esri/solutions-webappbuilder-widgets/tree/master/ServiceFeasibility) widget and Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS.
#Service Qualification

Service qualification for determining optimal routes to use when building out network infrastructure to new potential customer locations

![Image of Service Qualification Application](https://raw.github.com/Esri/telco-service-qualification/master/telco-service-qualification.png "Service Qualification")

## Features

* auto route generation 
* adaptive route analysis using Network Analyst to control minimizing CAPEX (route length) vs maximizing business passed & revenue potential
                                     
## Instructions

1. Fork and then clone the repo. 
2. Run and try the samples

### Esri Sample Data

Esri's sample data can be [downloaded] (http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=81ca53e2d169464895b59da0a3c726fc) with this repository to extend the application.


### General Help

[New to Github? Get started here.](http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/Esri/esri.github.com/blob/master/help/esri-getting-to-know-github.html)

## Requirements


* Notepad or your favorite HTML editor
* Web browser with access to the Intern* Text Editor

## Resources

Learn more about ArcGIS for Telecommunications Maps and App's [ArcGIS for Telecommunications Maps and App's](http://solutions.arcgis.com/telecommunications).

Show me a list of other [Telecommuncations GitHub repositories](http://esri.github.io/#Telecommunications).

Show me a list of other [Utilities GitHub repositories](http://esri.github.io/#Utilities).

## Issues

Find a bug or want to request a new feature?  Please let us know by submitting an issue.


## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone.
Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## Licensing

Copyright 2013 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's
[LICENSE.txt](https://raw.github.com/Esri/telco-service-qualification/master/LICENSE.txt) file.

[](Esri Tags: Telecommunications Utilities Service Qualification ArcGISSolutions)
[](Esri Language: JavaScript)​
